Update 100-jpa.md (#1695)
kamranahmedse/developer-roadmap: content/roadmaps/110-java/content/104-java-orm/100-jpa.md

> # JPA
> The Jakarta Persistence API provides Java developers with an object/relational mapping facility for managing relational data in Java applications.
> JPA is not a tool nor a framework, but a set of interfaces for accessing, persisting, and managing data between Java objects and (a) relational database. Because it is a set of interfaces, it will require an implementation to work with and persist Java objects. This will be ORM.
> 
> Main features:
>   - Cleaner, easier, standarised ORM.
>   - Supports inheritance, polymorphism and polymorphic queries.
>   - Supports metadata annotations/XML descriptors to define the mapping (between objects and relational database).
>   - Supports a rich, SQL-like query language for both static and dynamic queries.
>   - Pluggable persistence providers like Hibernate, MyBatis, etc.
>   - Caching: JPA supports 2 kinds of cache - first level and second level - to support performance tuning.
>   - Read more [here](https://javabydeveloper.com/what-is-java-persistence-api/).
>   
> *Note: In 2019, JPA was renamed from Java Persistence API to Jakarta Persistence.*
> 
> Resources
> ---
> - Websites
>   - [TutorialsPoint JPA](https://www.tutorialspoint.com/jpa/)
>   - [Official Java doc - Package *javax.persistence*](https://docs.oracle.com/javaee/7/api/javax/persistence/package-summary.html)
> 
> - Books
>   - [Pro Jakarta Persistence in Jakarta EE 10: An In-Depth Guide to Persistence in Enterprise Java Development, by Lukas Jungmann](https://www.amazon.com/Pro-Jakarta-Persistence-Depth-Development/dp/1484274423)
>   - [Java Persistence with Spring Data and Hibernate, by Catalin Tudose](https://www.simonandschuster.com/books/Java-Persistence-with-Spring-Data-and-Hibernate/Catalin-Tudose/9781617299186)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# JPA

The Jakarta Persistence API provides Java developers with an object/relational mapping facility for managing relational data in Java applications. JPA is not a tool nor a framework, but a set of interfaces for accessing, persisting, and managing data between Java objects and (a) relational database. Because it is a set of interfaces, it will require an implementation to work with and persist Java objects. This will be ORM. Here are the main features of JPA:

- Cleaner, easier, standardized ORM.
- Supports inheritance, polymorphism, and polymorphic queries.
- Supports metadata annotations/XML descriptors to define the mapping (between objects and relational database).
- Supports a rich, SQL-like query language for static and dynamic queries.
- Pluggable persistence providers like Hibernate, MyBatis, etc.
- Caching: JPA supports 2 kinds of cache - first and second levels - to support performance tuning.
- Read more [here](https://javabydeveloper.com/what-is-java-persistence-api/).

> Note: In 2019, JPA was renamed from Java Persistence API to Jakarta Persistence.

<ResourceGroupTitle>Free Content</ResourceGroupTitle>
<BadgeLink colorScheme='yellow' badgeText='Read' href='https://www.tutorialspoint.com/jpa/'>TutorialsPoint JPA</BadgeLink>
<BadgeLink colorScheme='yellow' badgeText='Read' href='https://docs.oracle.com/javaee/7/api/javax/persistence/package-summary.html'>Official Java doc - Package javax.persistence</BadgeLink>
<BadgeLink colorScheme='green' badgeText='Book' href='https://www.amazon.com/Pro-Jakarta-Persistence-Depth-Development/dp/1484274423'>Pro Jakarta Persistence in Jakarta EE 10</BadgeLink>
<BadgeLink colorScheme='green' badgeText='Book' href='https://www.simonandschuster.com/books/Java-Persistence-with-Spring-Data-and-Hibernate/Catalin-Tudose/9781617299186'>Java Persistence with Spring Data and Hibernate by Catalin Tudose</BadgeLink>
```
